---
layout: post
title: ToDo for 2007
date: 2007-01-04 23:01:18.000000000 +00:00
type: post
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags:
- Personal
meta:
  tags: ''
author:
  login: niklas
  email: niklas@protocol7.com
  display_name: Niklas
  first_name: Niklas
  last_name: Gustavsson
permalink: "/archives/2007/01/04/todo-for-2007/"
---
[Bill de hóra](http://www.dehora.net/journal/2007/01/activity_list_for_2007.html) inspired me to do a list of goals for 2007. I'm pretty shitty at actually keeping these promises but I'll have another go :-)

**Web hacking:** recent years has been very focused on integration/SOA/messaging kind of stuff. So much I'm actually hungry from some web development again.

**Release:** [FtpServer 1.0](http://cwiki.apache.org/FTPSERVER/) should be released. Some of the stuff in my private SVN repos should emerge in the open.

**Scripting:** get decent at at least one scripting language. I know JavaScript pretty well (due to earlier excursions into web hacking) but I would really need to refresh it, or get really good at Ruby like everyone else seems to.

**Switch:** The last three years I've been saying "this year I'll switch to Linux as my main OS". Thanks to Ubuntu, this year I actually think it might happen.

**Blog more:** well, that's pretty self explanatory, 2006 was crap. Won't be that hard to get better.

**Discuss more:** I'm a lurker on a ton of mailing lists and blogs. However, I do not post frequently on more then three or so. This should change, I should get more involved on the stuff I'm interested in.

**Get to know more people:** there's a ton of people in this industry that I deeply respect. I should get to know more of them. This goal also includes **going to more conferences** in 2007 (the end result for 2006 was bad, 1).

**Read more books:** last year was a terrible reading year for me, probably the low point for at least the last two decades. I read a ton of stuff on the web, but actually sitting down to read a book has a lot of additional values to me.

**Catch up on biology:** my university training was in molecular biology. Since switching field I feel like I'm quickly forgetting stuff I knew by heart before. This year I will start reading more on biology and science in general again.

**Spend more time outdoors:** this year I'm really going to drag Eva and Albin out to do more trekking and hiking than last year. Not that hard given that we didn't do any thing at all.

**Do continuous exercise:** last summer got pretty hectic when we decided on doing the Swedish mountain bike marathon and I realized I wasn't nearly fit enough for it. Since we're doing it again this year, I should keep up the training for the entire year.

**Finish games:** right now I got five or so console games that I'm in the middle of. I really need to finish them so I can move on to Wii :-) Here I'll also include getting **stable at Prince level** in Civ4.

&nbsp;

I'll follow up on these in a year. This is my first list like this so it will be interesting to see how I do.

&nbsp;

**Update:** [Danny adds his plans](http://dannyayers.com/2007/01/05/plans-for-2007)

